docs: failed-loading-swc possible fix for Windows users (#36081)
vercel/next.js: errors/failed-loading-swc.md

When on an M1 Mac and switching from a Node.js version without M1 support e.g. v14 to a version with e.g. v16, you may need a different swc dependency which can require re-installing `node_modules` (`npm i --force` or `yarn install --force`).

> On Windows make sure you have Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable installed. https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows make sure you have Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable installed. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist
```
Let's link to the docs instead of the binary directly in case a different CPU arch is needed and it explains more what they are downloading.

Author: Make sense, done.
